# Smart Calendar Scheduler

Scheduling meetings over email is often time-consuming and repetitive. When someone asks, "When are you free to meet next week?", users typically have to switch tabs, check their calendar, and manually type out their availability. This workflow is especially inefficient for busy professionals managing multiple events. Our extension reduces this friction by automatically generating natural-language availability responses based on the user’s calendar, streamlining the scheduling process.

## Installation

### Install From Release

- Download the latest release from the [Releases](https://github.com/lukashchu/smart-email-calendar-scheduler/releases)
- Unzip the downloaded ZIP file
- Open Chrome and navigate to `chrome://extensions`
- Enable "Developer mode"
- Drag and drop the unzipped folder into the extensions page

### Install From Source

1. Clone the repository:

   ```bash
   git clone https://github.com/lukashchu/smart-email-calendar-scheduler
   ```

2. Install dependencies:

   ```bash
   cd smart-email-calendar-scheduler
   npm install
   ```

3. Build the extension:

   ```bash
   npm run build
   ```

4. Load the extension in Chrome:

   - Open Chrome and navigate to `chrome://extensions`
   - Enable "Developer mode"
   - Click "Load unpacked" and select the `dist` directory from the project

## Development

- Run the development server with hot reloading:

  ```bash
  npm run dev
  ```

- Load the unpacked extension in Chrome from the `dist` directory
- Make changes to the source code and the extension will automatically reload

## Implemented Features

OpenAI Key Encryption and Storage
- The user's OpenAI key is encrypted and stored locally only, so that no outside servers or websites have access to it.

OpenAI Model Selection
- The user can select which OpenAI model they want to use, so that they can have a more tailored experience.

Calendar Selection
- The user can select 30-minute intervals in the calendar spanning the next 5 days, which will be used to generate a sentence giving availability over the period.

Availability Generation
- The OpenAI API is prompted with the user's availability to output a professional sentence from the user's perspective that can be easily copied.
  
Output History Log
- The user can view all of the past outputs generated by the extension in case they want to revisit one or forgot to copy it when accessing.

## Known Issues and Future Work

As with anything reliant on LLM ouputs, there can be inconsistencies in the sentences generated within the extension. With GPT-4, outputs are of a more consistent quality, but with GPT-3.5 used, there can be major inconsistencies, especially with the point-of-view of the sentences generated. Future work can be done to minimize these discrepancies and improve the LLM-prompting in order to have more consistent outputs that conform to the desired format.
